Add a doc for Triage and label guidance (#1583)
microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml: docs/triage.md

Because many groups are involved in WinUI we have `team-...` labels to help filter issues further for triage.

### Triage process

For each issue with `needs-triage`:
* Feature proposals:
  - Triage makes first pass to ask clarifying questions. If it's ok then:
     - Spec owner gets assigned
     - Gets added to `New proposal` in feature tracking board
     - Assigned owner is responsible for following the feature process
* Everything else:
  - If author needs to provide more info, ask in comments and add `needs-author-feedback`
  - Add a team label (`team-Controls`, `team-Framework`, etc) if missing
  - Add area tag(s)
  - Add tags for type of issue (`bug`, `test issue`, `spec issue`, `documentation`)
  - Change labels to `question` or `discussion` if appropriate
  - Consider adding `help wanted` or `good first issue` to encourage community engagement
  - Add `nice to have` for low priority issues

The temporary `needs-assignee-attention` label is for issues that need investigation to determine how to move the issue forward. 
Apply this label and assign the issue to someone who can take a look soon. This would be for issues where it needs to be debugged

> or maybe needs them to follow up with another team to determine how to route it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This label is intended for issues which need additional work, like debugging or another teams input, to determine how to rout them.
```
